Fix benchmarks, add merges per iteration option in merge frames benchmark (#39)
membraneframework-labs/membrane_video_compositor_plugin: benchmark/README.md

1.  Enter benchmark folder `cd benchmark`
2.  Run `mix deps.get` command
3.  Run command for benchmarks:
    1. For running packs of benchee benchmarks: `mix run benchmark.exs` </br>
        (You can customize number of merges per iteration in merge frames benchmark by passing an option like: 
        `mix run benchmark.exs 2137` </br>
        Default value of merges is 60 per iteration.)
    2. For running single benchmarks:
        - for measuring frame composition performance: `mix run lib/benchee/merge_frames.exs`
        - for measuring raw pipeline performance: `mix run lib/benchee/raw_pipeline.exs`

>         - for measuring h264 pipeline performance: `mix run lib/benchee/h264_pipeline.exs` </br>
>         (You can customize number of merges per iteration by passing an option like: 
>         `mix run lib\benchee\merge_frames.exs 2137` </br>
>         Default value of merges is 60 per iteration.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - for measuring h264 pipeline performance: `mix run lib/benchee/h264_pipeline.exs [<mergers_per_iteration>]` </br>
        (Default number of merges per iteration is 60.)
```
